NodeModules is a folder where when we install any library or framework. The code of the Library/
framework will be stored in the NodeModules and all the dependencies of that library or framework
will also be downloaded and put inside the NodeModules.

What is .bin File inside NodeModules?
    .bin contains executable wrappers for packages that expose CLI commands.
    Instead of typing the entire path of the package we can simply configure name of the package

    If we need to run eslint instead of 
        node node_modules/eslint/bin/eslint.js
    We can use  
        eslint
    Because .bin acts as a shortcut.


version in Packages?
    example ^5.2.1 or ~5.2.1? 
    1->patch(Small Bug Fix. Increase the value of patch version when we are pushing minor bug fix)
    2->Minor(Releasing a New Feature. We need to increase the Minor Version number. Here the version are backward compatible.
    backward compatible means lets assume new version got released 5.5.10. We can safely upgrade to version
    5.5.10 Because increase in Minor versions are backward compatible)
    5->Major(Increase the Major version when there are breaking changes. But express release new major version changes
    6.5.10 if we upgrade to 6.5.10 from 5.2.1 then there will be breaking changes.)

    ^ in front of version-> example ^5.2.1 -> Our application will automatically will get upgraded
    when any 5.x.x version comes
    ~ in front of version-> example ~5.2.1 -> Our application will automatically will get upgraded
    if any patch version comes when 5.2.x (More stable)

    If we give 5.2.1 -> stays in this version until we manually upgrade

What is Package-Lock.json?

    Package-Lock will give in which actual version our packages are running on.
    Package.json will provide whether it is auto upgrade for major version(^) or auto upgrade for 
    minor version(^) or manual upgrade.


    Only package-lock will let you actual know in which version the current package is actually running



Do we need to push package-lock.json to git?
    Yes we need to push the package-lock.json to git. Bcoz package-lock.json locks the dependency
    tree versions which helps in reliable across various environment or machines. dev, stage and 
    production. If we fail to push different machine will be running different version of package
    (if there are any patch changes made. So there can be scenerios like it works in my system
    but not in other). In order to avoid this kind of issue we need to push package-lock

    The file can contain hashes of package contents, which can be used to verify the integrity 
    of installed packages. It is also used by tools for security audits. 